Hello and welcome to the Overbecker exercise videos as they why
Uganda consignor Thuringia and so device welcome to a brief
exercise rooms will
Kaeser Hofer
come back first quadruped
here
and the hands
something
and Strecker
legs out
this is the dog
Feet are +3 apart
hands shoulder width
were corrected very large under pressure
8 AktG continue to execute the government in Tehran
Wilhelm Droste cyclist
and feel the bees in the upper back
then Corner
back to the quadruped stand
Zenker are here on the floor
Stretch your feet out
Now Katzer's lumbar spine lifts up while exhaling
Lowering some sort of bank statement and shoulders back though up
Exhale countries should go up there for us
Inhaling chest down thinking about shoulder blades
Exhale lumbar spine high child to the chest
and how he would revenue the rib cage
from Argentina inside
Reinhard Berle
Wittlich
testify
are Revier honest
Rainer Hartmann open yourself
but Sarrazin
Centrify be correct cash register at all
Now come to the rabbit called rabbit
Sets table
on the heels
really storms on the ground
and clearly Weyer lower leg
to stop the money
or if it is pleasant you can not practice any of the other variations
than she was before 8
Rossi was showing the 2 without my guidance
a few variations of the rabbit
the hair is sitting
important in all variations artists deep through
The problem is, after all, warned about this relaxed rabbit exhibition of money
That's all for today
Hans they were Jürgen Böttcher Thuringia and even advises in DFS
spectator
Bank values ​​are doing
until next time, all the good for more information about courses in yoga
went to the center Kiel
under www Computerbild de speaks with yes BD stroke
GBP